Unify Formatting (#82)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: website/docs/r/route_table.md

The following arguments are supported:

* `vpc_id` - (Required) ID of the VPC.
* `route` - (Optional) A list of route objects. Their keys are documented below. This argument is processed in [attribute-as-blocks mode][attribute-as-blocks]).
This means that omitting this argument is interpreted as ignoring any existing routes. To remove all managed routes an empty list should be specified. See the example above.

> * `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the route table. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to the route table. If a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.
```

Author: поправил

~> **Note** Only the target that is entered is exported as a readable
attribute once the route resource is created.

* `id` - The ID of the route table.

> * `arn` - The ARN of the route table.

Reviewer: The Amazon Resource Name (ARN)

> * `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the route table, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags].

Reviewer: Без артикля

Author: Поправил, но тут надо будет подумать, как лучше. Кажется, вообще можно писать просто Tags, непонятно, что за карта (map)
